README.md, before:

# ComfyUI pi-Flow Nodes for Fast Few-Step Sampling

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lakonik/piFlow/refs/heads/main/assets/teaser.jpg" alt=""/>


**ComfyUI-piFlow** is a collection of custom nodes for [ComfyUI](https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI) that implement the pi-Flow few-step sampling workflow. All images in the above example were generated using pi-Flow with only 4 sampling steps.

[pi-Flow](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.14974) is a novel method for flow-based few-step generation. It achieves both high quality and diversity in generated images with as few as 4 sampling steps. Notably,  pi-Flow’s results generally align with the base model’s outputs and exhibit significantly higher diversity than those from DMD models (e.g., [Qwen-Image Lightning](https://github.com/ModelTC/Qwen-Image-Lightning)), as shown below.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lakonik/piFlow/refs/heads/main/assets/diversity_comparison.jpg" width="1000" alt=""/>

In addition, when using some photorealistic style LoRAs, pi-Flow produces better texture details than DMD models, as shown below (zoom in for best view).

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lakonik/piFlow/refs/heads/main/assets/piflow_dmd_texture_comparison.jpg" width="1000" alt=""/>

## Installation

**This repo requires ComfyUI version 0.3.64 or higher**. Make sure your ComfyUI is up to date before installing.

### ComfyUI Manager

If you are using [ComfyUI Manager](https://github.com/Comfy-Org/ComfyUI-Manager), you can load a [workflow](#workflows) first, and then install the missing nodes via ComfyUI Manager.

### Manual Installation

For manual installation, simply clone this repo into your ComfyUI `custom_nodes` directory.
```bash
# run the following command in your ComfyUI `custom_nodes` directory
git clone https://github.com/Lakonik/ComfyUI-piFlow
```

## Workflows

This repo provides text-to-image [workflows](workflows) based on Qwen-Image and FLUX.1 dev. 

### pi-Qwen-Image

Currently supports the Qwen-Image text-to-image base model (and possibly some of its customized versions). Qwen-Image-Edit may be supported in the future.

Please download the image below and drag it into ComfyUI to load the pi-Qwen-Image workflow.  

<img src="workflows/pi-Qwen-Image.png" width="600" alt=""/>

#### Model links

Base model

- Download [qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/Qwen-Image_ComfyUI/resolve/main/split_files/diffusion_models/qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/diffusion_models/qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn.safetensors`

  Alternative scaled FP8 version: [qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn_scaled.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/lightx2v/Qwen-Image-Lightning/resolve/main/Qwen-Image/qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn_scaled.safetensors)

pi-Flow adapter

- Download [gmqwen_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Lakonik/pi-Qwen-Image/resolve/main/gmqwen_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors) and save it to 
<br>`models/loras/gmqwen_k8_piid_4step.safetensors`

Text encoder

- Download [qwen_2.5_vl_7b_fp8_scaled.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/Qwen-Image_ComfyUI/resolve/main/split_files/text_encoders/qwen_2.5_vl_7b_fp8_scaled.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/text_encoders/qwen_2.5_vl_7b_fp8_scaled.safetensors`

VAE

- Download [qwen_image_vae.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/Qwen-Image_ComfyUI/resolve/main/split_files/vae/qwen_image_vae.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/vae/qwen_image_vae.safetensors`

#### Adapter strength

Increasing `adapter_strength` in the loader node can reduce noise and enhance text rendering. This may be helpful especially when using a customized base model or additional LoRAs.

#### Sampler steps

The 4-step adapter works well for any number of sampling steps greater than or equal to 4.

### pi-Flux

Currently supports the FLUX.1 dev text-to-image base model (and possibly some of its customized versions).

Please download the image below and drag it into ComfyUI to load the pi-Flux workflow.  

<img src="workflows/pi-Flux.png" width="600" alt=""/>

#### Model links

Base model

- Download [flux1-dev.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev/resolve/main/flux1-dev.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/diffusion_models/flux1-dev.safetensors`

  Alternative scaled FP8 version: [flux_dev_fp8_scaled_diffusion_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/comfyanonymous/flux_dev_scaled_fp8_test/resolve/main/flux_dev_fp8_scaled_diffusion_model.safetensors)

pi-Flow adapter

- Download [gmflux_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Lakonik/pi-FLUX.1/resolve/main/gmflux_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors) and save it to 
<br>`models/loras/gmflux_k8_piid_4step.safetensors`

- Download [gmflux_k8_piid_8step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Lakonik/pi-FLUX.1/resolve/main/gmflux_k8_piid_8step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors) and save it to 
<br>`models/loras/gmflux_k8_piid_8step.safetensors`

Text encoder

- Download [clip_l.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/comfyanonymous/flux_text_encoders/resolve/main/clip_l.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/text_encoders/clip_l.safetensors`

- Download [t5xxl_fp16.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/comfyanonymous/flux_text_encoders/resolve/main/t5xxl_fp16.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/text_encoders/t5xxl_fp16.safetensors`

VAE

- Download [ae.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-schnell/resolve/main/ae.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/vae/ae.safetensors`

#### Adapter strength

Increasing `adapter_strength` in the loader node can amplify contrast, reduce noise, and enhance text rendering.

#### Sampler steps

Use gmflux_k8_piid_4step.safetensors for 4-step sampling and gmflux_k8_piid_8step.safetensors for 8-step sampling. Using other settings may result in amplified or reduced contrast, which could be re-calibrated by adjusting the `adapter_strength`.

#### Guidance 

The adapters **only work with `guidance` set to 3.5**. Do NOT modify this value, otherwise the results will be very noisy.

## Training Your Own pi-Flow Models

Please visit the official [piFlow](https://github.com/lakonik/piflow) repo for more information on training.

## Changelog

- **v1.0.4** (2024-11-09)
  - Fix a bug in GM-Qwen when running in BF16 precision.

- **v1.0.3** (2025-11-09)
  - Added support for scaled FP8 base models.

Commit message:

Add License section in README.md

README.md, after:

# ComfyUI pi-Flow Nodes for Fast Few-Step Sampling

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lakonik/piFlow/refs/heads/main/assets/teaser.jpg" alt=""/>


**ComfyUI-piFlow** is a collection of custom nodes for [ComfyUI](https://github.com/comfyanonymous/ComfyUI) that implement the pi-Flow few-step sampling workflow. All images in the above example were generated using pi-Flow with only 4 sampling steps.

[pi-Flow](https://arxiv.org/abs/2510.14974) is a novel method for flow-based few-step generation. It achieves both high quality and diversity in generated images with as few as 4 sampling steps. Notably,  pi-Flow’s results generally align with the base model’s outputs and exhibit significantly higher diversity than those from DMD models (e.g., [Qwen-Image Lightning](https://github.com/ModelTC/Qwen-Image-Lightning)), as shown below.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lakonik/piFlow/refs/heads/main/assets/diversity_comparison.jpg" width="1000" alt=""/>

In addition, when using some photorealistic style LoRAs, pi-Flow produces better texture details than DMD models, as shown below (zoom in for best view).

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Lakonik/piFlow/refs/heads/main/assets/piflow_dmd_texture_comparison.jpg" width="1000" alt=""/>

## Installation

**This repo requires ComfyUI version 0.3.64 or higher**. Make sure your ComfyUI is up to date before installing.

### ComfyUI Manager

If you are using [ComfyUI Manager](https://github.com/Comfy-Org/ComfyUI-Manager), you can load a [workflow](#workflows) first, and then install the missing nodes via ComfyUI Manager.

### Manual Installation

For manual installation, simply clone this repo into your ComfyUI `custom_nodes` directory.
```bash
# run the following command in your ComfyUI `custom_nodes` directory
git clone https://github.com/Lakonik/ComfyUI-piFlow
```

## Workflows

This repo provides text-to-image [workflows](workflows) based on Qwen-Image and FLUX.1 dev. 

### pi-Qwen-Image

Currently supports the Qwen-Image text-to-image base model (and possibly some of its customized versions). Qwen-Image-Edit may be supported in the future.

Please download the image below and drag it into ComfyUI to load the pi-Qwen-Image workflow.  

<img src="workflows/pi-Qwen-Image.png" width="600" alt=""/>

#### Model links

Base model

- Download [qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/Qwen-Image_ComfyUI/resolve/main/split_files/diffusion_models/qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/diffusion_models/qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn.safetensors`

  Alternative scaled FP8 version: [qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn_scaled.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/lightx2v/Qwen-Image-Lightning/resolve/main/Qwen-Image/qwen_image_fp8_e4m3fn_scaled.safetensors)

pi-Flow adapter

- Download [gmqwen_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Lakonik/pi-Qwen-Image/resolve/main/gmqwen_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors) and save it to 
<br>`models/loras/gmqwen_k8_piid_4step.safetensors`

Text encoder

- Download [qwen_2.5_vl_7b_fp8_scaled.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/Qwen-Image_ComfyUI/resolve/main/split_files/text_encoders/qwen_2.5_vl_7b_fp8_scaled.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/text_encoders/qwen_2.5_vl_7b_fp8_scaled.safetensors`

VAE

- Download [qwen_image_vae.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Comfy-Org/Qwen-Image_ComfyUI/resolve/main/split_files/vae/qwen_image_vae.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/vae/qwen_image_vae.safetensors`

#### Adapter strength

Increasing `adapter_strength` in the loader node can reduce noise and enhance text rendering. This may be helpful especially when using a customized base model or additional LoRAs.

#### Sampler steps

The 4-step adapter works well for any number of sampling steps greater than or equal to 4.

### pi-Flux

Currently supports the FLUX.1 dev text-to-image base model (and possibly some of its customized versions).

Please download the image below and drag it into ComfyUI to load the pi-Flux workflow.  

<img src="workflows/pi-Flux.png" width="600" alt=""/>

#### Model links

Base model

- Download [flux1-dev.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev/resolve/main/flux1-dev.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/diffusion_models/flux1-dev.safetensors`

  Alternative scaled FP8 version: [flux_dev_fp8_scaled_diffusion_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/comfyanonymous/flux_dev_scaled_fp8_test/resolve/main/flux_dev_fp8_scaled_diffusion_model.safetensors)

pi-Flow adapter

- Download [gmflux_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Lakonik/pi-FLUX.1/resolve/main/gmflux_k8_piid_4step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors) and save it to 
<br>`models/loras/gmflux_k8_piid_4step.safetensors`

- Download [gmflux_k8_piid_8step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/Lakonik/pi-FLUX.1/resolve/main/gmflux_k8_piid_8step/diffusion_pytorch_model.safetensors) and save it to 
<br>`models/loras/gmflux_k8_piid_8step.safetensors`

Text encoder

- Download [clip_l.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/comfyanonymous/flux_text_encoders/resolve/main/clip_l.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/text_encoders/clip_l.safetensors`

- Download [t5xxl_fp16.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/comfyanonymous/flux_text_encoders/resolve/main/t5xxl_fp16.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/text_encoders/t5xxl_fp16.safetensors`

VAE

- Download [ae.safetensors](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-schnell/resolve/main/ae.safetensors) and save it to
<br>`models/vae/ae.safetensors`

#### Adapter strength

Increasing `adapter_strength` in the loader node can amplify contrast, reduce noise, and enhance text rendering.

#### Sampler steps

Use gmflux_k8_piid_4step.safetensors for 4-step sampling and gmflux_k8_piid_8step.safetensors for 8-step sampling. Using other settings may result in amplified or reduced contrast, which could be re-calibrated by adjusting the `adapter_strength`.

#### Guidance 

The adapters **only work with `guidance` set to 3.5**. Do NOT modify this value, otherwise the results will be very noisy.

## Training Your Own pi-Flow Models

Please visit the official [piFlow](https://github.com/lakonik/piflow) repo for more information on training.

## License

This code repository is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License. Models used in the workflows are subject to their own respective licenses.

## Changelog

- **v1.0.4** (2024-11-09)
  - Fix a bug in GM-Qwen when running in BF16 precision.

- **v1.0.3** (2025-11-09)
  - Added support for scaled FP8 base models.
